Add table aws_redshift_parameter_group. Closes #190 (#217)
turbot/steampipe-plugin-aws: docs/tables/aws_redshift_parameter_group.md

# Table: aws_redshift_parameter_group

> A parameter group contains a WLM configuration and a set of cluster parameters. It optimizes query performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A parameter group is a group of parameters that apply to all of the databases that you create in the cluster. 

```

## Examples

### Basic info

```sql
select
  name,
  description,
  family
from
  aws_redshift_parameter_group;
```

> ### Details of several parameters which are associated with each parameter group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Details of the parameters associated with each parameter group
```

```sql
select
  name,

>   jsonb_pretty(parameters)

Reviewer: expand the json object

# Table: aws_redshift_parameter_group

> A parameter group is a group of parameters that apply to all of the databases that you create in the cluster. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A parameter group is a group of parameters that apply to all of the databases that you create in the cluster. 

```
```suggestion
A parameter group is a group of parameters that apply to all of the databases that you create in the cluster. 
```

> A parameter group is a group of parameters that apply to all of the databases that you create in the cluster. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A parameter group is a group of parameters that apply to all of the databases that you create in the cluster. 

```

# Table: aws_redshift_parameter_group

A parameter group is a group of parameters that apply to all of the databases that you create in the cluster. 

## Examples

### Basic info

```sql
select
  name,
  description,
  family
from
  aws_redshift_parameter_group;
```

> ### Details of the parameters associated with each parameter group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Get the details of the parameters associated with each parameter group
```

```sql
select
  name,
  p ->> 'Description' as description,
  p ->> 'ParameterName' as parameter_name,
  p ->> 'ParameterValue' as parameter_value,
  p ->> 'Source' as source,
  p ->> 'DataType' as data_type,
  p ->> 'ApplyType' as apply_type
from
  aws_redshift_parameter_group,
  jsonb_array_elements(parameters) as p;

> ```

Reviewer: Rearrange this and add the other fields like AllowedValues, IsModifiable, MinimumEngineVersion
```
select
  name,
  p ->> 'ParameterName' as parameter_name,
  p ->> 'ParameterValue' as parameter_value,
  p ->> 'Description' as description,
  p ->> 'Source' as source,
  p ->> 'DataType' as data_type,
  p ->> 'ApplyType' as apply_type
from
  aws_redshift_parameter_group,
  jsonb_array_elements(parameters) as p;
```
